Instructions

Use Google Scholar to find articles: this link works off campus <http://scholar-google-com.proxy.lib.uiowa.edu>.  If they don't show up in GS, try just straight Google.

country: Please use the name as it appears in the added1 file.  For example, "United States," not "USA"

year: If data for a two-year range, rather than a calendar year, is reported (for example, 2013/14), please enter the range.

gini: I only want Gini data if it covers the whole population of the whole country--data on certain age categories or urban areas or married people, etc., aren't interesting to me.  But I *do* want every piece of information available for the whole population.  If there are more than one combination of equivalence scale and welfare definition for the whole population, I want them all to be included.  If a source has additional data that meet this criteria that was not recorded before, please add it.

gini_se: If the source gives a standard error for the statistics it reports, please record it

equiv_scale: One of the following
		
		Household (hh)			this means there's no size adjustment
		
		Household per capita (pc)	dividing by the number of members
		
		Household eq, sq rt (sqrt)	dividing by square root of members
		
		Household eq, OECDmod (oecd)	dividing by the OECD ("modified") scale
		
		Household eq, adult eq (ae)	dividing by some unidentified adult equivalence scale
		
		Household eq, [something]	dividing by a specific national scale

		Family (households of two-or-more)	^ can be further adjusted as are households



welfare_def: Please enter one of the following,
		
		Market income* (market)		pre-tax, pre-government-transfers
		
		Gross income* (gross)		pre-tax, post-(cash & cash-like-)transfers
		
		Net income* (net)		post-(direct-)tax, post-transfers; "disposable income" (usually)

		Final income? 			post-(indirect-)tax (maybe with in-kind transfers)? make note
		
		Consumption (con)		"consumption expenditures"

		Expenditure (exp)		"expenditures"

		
		*If the statistic is for "monetary" income, please note that as well: "Market income, monetary"	

monetary: TRUE if the source specifies it is calculated only on the basis of monetary income

break: If you happen to notice that the source indicates a 'break in series' in a particular year's gini--usually with a discussion of a change in methodology or survey--please put an x in this column. Do this in lieu of the "series" variable in fs_added_data


source1: author and year (may need to be fixed)

unsure?: Put an "x" in one of these columns if you couldn't find confirmation of the information in the column to its left

link: link to the source

citation?: Put an "x" in this column when you've added the source to the group Zotero library at https://www.zotero.org/groups/394473 